We're nearing the end of this first part of the section where we will then have a first assignment and
where we will then leave JS For off.
There are still two things I want to dive into.
One is how we may use more than one component and which different types of components you may use and
also how we can pass an event from a component to the parent component.
The average is how we can use to rebinding or how we can handle four inputs basically.
Let's start with the formant.
What's now for this I'll add a new input and if I return year.
So that's going to be a normal input element of type text like this.
And now I basically need to treat my own two way data binding.
How do we do that.
I'll start in the state.
I want to output a message here or allow the user to enter a message here.
So I will name this message.
Of course you may choose a different name and I'll send it to an empty string initially.
I can now go to my input and bind de-value property to my this state message property I just created
I had control enter the input with nothing in it.
Now I want to be able to react to keystrokes because of another type.
You see I can't even type in there.
The reason for this is that I constantly set value to my message so whenever I change something there
it immediately gets overwritten by react.
Yes so I need to be able to handle the case to user types there.
For this I want to react to the onchange event which is fired when the user types here.
I want to execute a method and it will split over multiple lines here to do just make it a bit easier
to read all these attributes and properties of this input element.
So I want to be able to do something when the user types in and want to fire a method which I need to
add.
It's the last method for now change message input could be a fitting name and there of course I will
receive my default event object that's passed to me automatically and then there I now want to call
this set state to update the value which we don't again point to the input here.
Right.
We do binded value or that message here.
So I need to update this so-called set state or pass a javascript object.
I only want to update the message here and I want to set it to the event.
Target value event target simply input and weld and values what we entered does will update the message.
Now of course I need to call this so here I'll call this change message input.
The method we just created and bind this like that fanout control enter and I enter something here.
You see we can type again to see if this also is output table outside of this import.
Well I can simply add a new paragraph below it here where I output this state message between single
call braces.
Now if a type.
Hello there you'll see it gets out below the form input and that is how we can handle user input and
how we set up our own two way by adding d re-act way.